AbstractPackage (was: Software Component) (#1044)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Software/Classes/AbstractPackage.md

An AbstractPackage represents an abstract, conceptual software entity,
independent of any specific version, supplier, or packaging format.
It serves as a high-level identifier for a piece of software,
such as "Linux kernel", "OpenSSL," or "Log4j".

The primary purpose of a AbstractPackage is to group multiple related
software [Packages](./Package.md) and to be able to act as a central point
for storing metadata that is common across all those packages.
This might include information like the project's primary license,
its official homepage, or its originating author or organization.

Since there might be relationships between AbstractPackages
and between AbstractPackages and Packages, values of different properties
might be different.
The precedence rule is that every attribute of a more specific entity
overwrites attribute values of a more general entity.
This way, property values of a Package are always valid;
if they do not exist and the package is an instanceOf an AbstractPackage,
then the properties of this AbstractPackage are taken.
The chain may continue further to more AbstractPackages,
as long as there are "parent" AbstractPackage and no values have been specified.

> Every Package should be an instance of no more than one AbstractPackages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Package shall be an instance of no more than one AbstractPackage.
```

If we want this to be a requirement, use "shall".
